Qaeda Hawaii
toast is riotta bikini no no mama
ritz-carlton I must ear
there is no use in Hong Kong
ah so naughty the notochord external
now this okay Tony marketer who ride a
college ideas new tow ready to come on
Angus nah nah but you know the more you
go to this kick up
Oh
Oh My I'll go to a canoe or a awesome
Ezra koto nado teaching senior technical
code okay
oh my no idea you know the loop Eureka
you know that skull ours if we seen the
Swans in double Syria or copy the smooth
Osama sweet mother stuff no no no no
this is a no-go let's get it on yeah
Lina no chikara de Ajo 32 minutes
earlier
Punta Cana
they go over
hey Sookie the quickest way
while in the hood
I'm a cure you
yeah whoosh what can you give up
can choices no oh my top 10 of our crew
has done no money when he sees me Donna
oh my god oh my motto they know Donna
a cocaina
c'mon Joey Malachi Davidic line is Moyer
Denson you suck